so
ok basically the base mode it was vintage
hahaha
yeah
m
I expressed the fear of growing old in the
song and I really wanted it
found in the clip I find you
in front of the mirror often cons lounge
in my bathroom I hid or
otherwise drawers
I find myself tired I thought the whole
night and what I was going to do hand
I cleared
I 'm going back to business
we could see images of the music video
very beautiful I was not expecting one too
good result
what I was laughing at was that I am
proud of the team
it's a monstrous job but it has
really practices
it
I love this song
I feel like I loved what
the decorations are great and europe was
he's disappointed for now it's great the
people are nice in plsu and royal buffet
and the makeup artist
going
ok at the front
he
my mother
both audiences